README.md, before:

# Abhishek-Pawar - Github Profile
About Me
## <div align="center"> [![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Bitcount+Single&weight=500&size=25&duration=3500&pause=500&color=00BAD7DC&width=500&lines=%F0%9F%91%8B+Hello!!+I+am+Abhishek+Pawar.++;I+am+a++data+enthusiast.;Checkout+my+GitHub+Portfolio+%F0%9F%93%8A+)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

### <div align="center"> [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/|-LinkedIn-informational?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhi-datanaut/) [![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/|-Email-D14836?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:pawar.abhishekk08@gmail.com) </div>

I’m a Data Analyst who enjoys turning raw data into clear dashboards and actionable insights, especially in environment, sustainability, and operations.

## About me
I hold a Bachelor’s and Master’s in Forestry, which trained me to think in systems, connect patterns to real-world impact, and stay evidence-driven when information is incomplete.
That mindset is exactly what I bring to analytics: asking the right questions, building reliable reporting, and communicating insights in a way that helps teams decide faster.

## My journey into analytics
I moved into data analytics through curiosity—wanting to understand *why* something is happening, not just *what* is happening.   
Today, I focus on work that goes from messy data → clean model → meaningful visuals → a story that stakeholders can act on.

## UPSC journey (2023–2025)
From 2023 to 2025, I prepared for the UPSC Civil Services Exam and made three attempts. 
That experience strengthened my discipline, structured thinking, and consistency, skills I apply directly in analytics projects and stakeholder-facing reporting. 

## My Toolkit
| Power BI (dashboards, DAX, KPI tracking) | SQL (MySQL) (data extraction, joins, cleaning) | Excel (Power Query, pivots, reporting) |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|<img src="https://github.com/microsoft/PowerBI-Icons/blob/main/SVG/Power-BI.svg" title="PowerBI" alt="PowerBI" width="50" height="50" />|<img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" title="MySQL" alt="MySQL" width="55" height="55"/>|<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0ed55528-bc48-414a-91c5-0d3d6da434d7" title="Excel" alt="Excel" width="55" height="55"/>|

## Let’s connect
Explore my repositories to see my work end-to-end, and feel free to reach out for opportunities, collaboration, or feedback.

Commit message:

Revise UPSC journey and add projects section
Updated the UPSC journey section and added a projects section with a project description.

README.md, after:

# Abhishek-Pawar - Github Profile
About Me
## <div align="center"> [![Typing SVG](https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Bitcount+Single&weight=500&size=25&duration=3500&pause=500&color=00BAD7DC&width=500&lines=%F0%9F%91%8B+Hello!!+I+am+Abhishek+Pawar.++;I+am+a++data+enthusiast.;Checkout+my+GitHub+Portfolio+%F0%9F%93%8A+)](https://git.io/typing-svg)

### <div align="center"> [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/|-LinkedIn-informational?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/abhi-datanaut/) [![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/|-Email-D14836?style=flat&logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:pawar.abhishekk08@gmail.com) </div>

I’m a Data Analyst who enjoys turning raw data into clear dashboards and actionable insights, especially in environment, sustainability, and operations.

## About me
I hold a Bachelor’s and Master’s in Forestry, which trained me to think in systems, connect patterns to real-world impact, and stay evidence-driven when information is incomplete.
That mindset is exactly what I bring to analytics: asking the right questions, building reliable reporting, and communicating insights in a way that helps teams decide faster.

## My journey into analytics
I moved into data analytics through curiosity—wanting to understand *why* something is happening, not just *what* is happening.   
Today, I focus on work that goes from messy data → clean model → meaningful visuals → a story that stakeholders can act on.

## UPSC journey (2023-2025)
From 2023 to 2025, I prepared for the UPSC Civil Services Exam and made three attempts. 
That experience strengthened my discipline, structured thinking, and consistency, skills I apply directly in analytics projects and stakeholder-facing reporting. 

## My Toolkit
| Power BI (dashboards, DAX, KPI tracking) | SQL (MySQL) (data extraction, joins, cleaning) | Excel (Power Query, pivots, reporting) |
|:-:|:-:|:-:|
|<img src="https://github.com/microsoft/PowerBI-Icons/blob/main/SVG/Power-BI.svg" title="PowerBI" alt="PowerBI" width="55" height="55" />|<img src="https://github.com/devicons/devicon/blob/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" title="MySQL" alt="MySQL" width="55" height="55"/>|<img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0ed55528-bc48-414a-91c5-0d3d6da434d7" title="Excel" alt="Excel" width="55" height="55"/>|

## Let’s connect
Explore my repositories to see my work end-to-end, and feel free to reach out for opportunities, collaboration, or feedback.

---

# Projects:

<img align="left" width="250" height="150" src="https://github.com/datapawar/Excel_Sales_and_financial_performance_analysis./blob/main/excel%20project%20thumbnail.png"> **[AtliQHardware: Sales & Finance Performance Analysis](https://github.com/datapawar/Excel_Sales_and_financial_performance_analysis.)**
</p> In this project I explored AtliQ Hardware - Customer, Product and Market Performance data from 2019 to 2021. Using Microsoft Excel I crafted key Sales and Finance Reports for strategic decision making, leveraging ETL methodologies, Power Query, Data Modelling, DAX and Pivot Tables.
</p>
<br><br><br>
